Software 0.30.7 release notes (#2309)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.30/release-notes.md

- [Astronomer Software 0.31 release notes](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/release-notes)
- [Astronomer Software documentation archive](documentation-archive.md)

## 0.30.7

> Release date: May 18, 2023

Reviewer: This will be updated to May 25, 2023

### Additional improvements

- You can now configure custom environment variables for ElasticSearch-based custom logging using the `astronomer.customLogging.extraEnv` value in your `config.yaml` file.

> - You can now configure `kubernetes_apiservers_insecure_skip_verify` in the Prometheus Helm chart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now configure `prometheus.config.scrape_configs.kubernetes_apiservers.tls_config.insecure_skip_verify` in the Prometheus Helm chart.
```

> - You can now set `certgenerator.extraAnnotations` in the Airflow Helm chart.

Reviewer 2: Do we normally mention airflow-chart configurations in this manner? The way a user would configure it would be to configure houston, not the airflow-chart directly.

> - You can now set `certgenerator.extraAnnotations` in the Airflow Helm chart.

Author: ```suggestion
- You can now set `astronomer.houston.config.prometheus.certgenerator.extraAnnotations` in your `config.yaml` file.
```

> - You can now set `astronomer.houston.config.prometheus.certgenerator.extraAnnotations` in your `config.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: I got this path wrong last time. Here is the correction:
```suggestion
- You can now set `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.helm.prometheus.certgenerator.extraAnnotations` in your `config.yaml` file.
```

- You can now configure a custom indexing pattern for [Vector logging sidecars](export-task-logs.md#export-logs-using-container-sidecars) by setting both `elasticsearch.curator.age.timestring` and `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.helm.loggingSidecar.indexPattern` in your `config.yaml` file.

### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue where sidecar containers would sometimes not terminate properly after their primary container was terminated.
- Fixed an issue where Prometheus was using more memory than expected due to a misconfiguration of statsd.

> - Fixed an issue where creating a git-sync-based Deployment through the Houston API would cause the Deployment to have a default sync interval of 1 second. 

Reviewer 3: This is not part of 0.30.6, @rishkarajgi please confirm.

Reviewer: Git sync is a 0.31 feature so not included
cc: @jwitz

- [Astronomer Software 0.31 release notes](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/release-notes)
- [Astronomer Software documentation archive](documentation-archive.md)

## 0.30.7

> Release date: May 25, 2023

Author: ```suggestion
Release date: May 26, 2023
```

- You can now configure `prometheus.config.scrape_configs.kubernetes_apiservers.tls_config.insecure_skip_verify` in the Prometheus Helm chart.
- You can now set `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.helm.prometheus.certgenerator.extraAnnotations` in your `config.yaml` file.
- You can now configure a custom indexing pattern for [Vector logging sidecars](export-task-logs.md#export-logs-using-container-sidecars) by setting both `elasticsearch.curator.age.timestring` and `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.helm.loggingSidecar.indexPattern` in your `config.yaml` file.
- All users other than System Admins can no longer create Deployments with Astronomer Certified images. The Software UI will show a warning message for Deployments currently running an Astronomer Certified image.
- Grafana now includes an **Astronomer Houston Dashboard** that you can use to view Houston metrics. 

### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue where container status and usage did not appear in the **Metrics** tab for Deployments with pre-created namespaces.

> - Fixed a security vulnerability where credentials could be leaked from NGinx controller logs.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a security vulnerability in logging.
```

## 0.30.7

Release date: May 25, 2023

### Additional improvements

- You can now configure custom environment variables for ElasticSearch-based custom logging using the `astronomer.customLogging.extraEnv` value in your `config.yaml` file.
- You can now configure `prometheus.config.scrape_configs.kubernetes_apiservers.tls_config.insecure_skip_verify` in the Prometheus Helm chart.
- You can now set `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.helm.prometheus.certgenerator.extraAnnotations` in your `config.yaml` file.
- You can now configure a custom indexing pattern for [Vector logging sidecars](export-task-logs.md#export-logs-using-container-sidecars) by setting both `elasticsearch.curator.age.timestring` and `astronomer.houston.config.deployments.helm.loggingSidecar.indexPattern` in your `config.yaml` file.

> - All users other than System Admins can no longer create Deployments with Astronomer Certified images. The Software UI will show a warning message for Deployments currently running an Astronomer Certified image.

Reviewer: I think we can invert this

> The Software UI will now show a warning message for Deployments currently running a soon to be deprecated Astronomer Certified image. Only System Admins can create Deployments with Astronomer Certified images by setting the` deployments.enableSystemAdminCanCreateDeprecatedAirflows` to true
